Dear Quentin

As a reminder, we will be closing the office for the Winter Holidays. As of now, our holiday closure schedule is as listed below: 
December 24th - Closed
December 25th - Closed
December 26th - Closed
December 27th - 8 am-5 pm
December 28th - 8 am-5 pm
December 29th - 8 am-5 pm
December 30th - TBD
December 31st - Closed
January 1st - Closed

As we know our residents may also be away, we wanted to leave some reminders with you to prepare.

Rent
Monthly Installments are due on the 1st of every month. This means your January installment will still be due on January 1st regardless of the holiday office closings. We highly encourage you to pay online as there will be expected mail delays. To avoid late fees please make sure all mailed check payments are sent in time to arrive before January 1 and during business hours. All late fees will automatically be assessed at midnight on the 5th of the month, and cannot be waived or reversed. 

Key fobs + Lockouts
For those who will be staying over the Holiday break, please be mindful to always bring your key fob to avoid taking our staff away from their own families. There may be a longer delay for staff to get back on site for a lockout, and there will be a $50 lockout charge added to your account. Please note this charge will occur for any lockout after office hours. 

After Hour Emergencies
For after-hours emergencies, please call 757-790-4100 and follow the prompts. Maintenance emergencies include: 
No heat when outside temperatures are below 50 degrees F
No AC when outside temperatures are above 85 degrees F
Broken water lines
Active leaks
No electricity
Freezer/Fridge not cooling
No hot water
If your maintenance request is not an emergency, please place a work order through the resident portal. 

Packages
Please be sure to cancel or skip any subscriptions that may be delivered while you are away (HelloFresh, Blue Apron, EveryPlate, etc). We cannot hold perishable packages. Any packages left longer than 24 hours in the office will be disposed of for sanitary reasons. 
Package tips:
Schedule package delivery for after holidays or hold them at local FedEx, UPS, or USPS. Some delivery drivers may not have access to the property when we are closed. 
Leave specific instructions for the carriers to avoid any misdeliveries

Parking
If you are staying over break or leaving your car here, please be sure you parked in the correct zone with your parking pass displayed. Parking will remain fully enforced. We are not responsible for any cars towed for being parked in the incorrect tier, without a permit, illegally, or in retail. 

Inspections
We will be conducting our quarterly inspections between December 18th and December 22nd, between the hours of 9 am-6 pm. These are routine inspections to check for any excessive damages or lease violations, and anticipate furniture needs for the following year. We will need to inspect HVAC units and filters, so please ensure no obstructions are blocking this. 

If you do plan to leave the area for an extended period, please remember to conserve energy by turning down your thermostat to 65, unplugging any unnecessary small appliances, like toasters, cleaning out the refrigerator and any perishable foods, taking out trash and turning off all the lights.
​
If you have any additional questions or concerns, please reach out to the leasing office. 

Best, 
Current Midtown Team