• GMAT® Focus 645+ • GMAT Focus Core Concepts • Tutoring
Most In-Demand MBA Specializations
A specialized MBA opens doors to a global network of opportunities. Let our GMAT prep be your passport to prestigious institutions and a future that knows no boundaries.


1. General Management
General Management students will learn a variety of management skills and perspectives that can be applied to organizations in any industry, from human resources and marketing to systems. 

 
2. International Management
A specialized MBA in International Management is perfect for business students who intend or aspire to work abroad or at multi-national companies post-graduation

 
3. Strategy
Strategy offers insight into how successful business decisions are made. You'll learn about business development, consulting, risk management, and planning - skills applicable across industries. 

 
4. Consulting
Consulting is one of the most sough-after skills in the business world. A specialized MBA in Consulting will empower business students to enter a lucrative industry post-graduation, helping clients manage their companies more successfully. 

 
5. Finance Leadership
For business students who prefer to focus on finance, a specialized MBA in Finance Leadership could be a great choice. Many high-level bankers, financial controllers, chief financial officers , and finance managers specialized in finance. 

 
Let us be your partner in shaping a future where your specialized MBA and GMAT success intertwine seamlessly.
View GMAT Prep
 
SAT® is a trademark registered by the College Board, which is not affiliated with, and does not endorses this product. PSAT/NMSQT® is a registered trademark of the College Board and the National Merit Scholarship Corporation, which are not affiliated with, and do not endorse, this product. National Merit is a registered trademark of National Merit Scholarship Corporation, which are not affiliated with, and do not endorse, this product. AP® is a trademark registered and owned by the College Board, which is not affiliated with, and does not endorse this product. LSAT® is a trademark registered by Law School Admission Council, Inc., which is not affiliated with, and does not endorse this product. MCAT® is a registered trademark of the Association of American Medical Colleges, which is not affiliated with, and does not endorse this product. CFA® and Charted Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute, not endorse, promote, or warrant the accuracy or quality of the products or services offered by The Princeton Review. All tests are registered trademarks of their respective owners. None of the trademark holders are affiliated with The Princeton Review or these products.  