GMAT, GRE, or No Test Required?

Many candidates for business school would prefer not to interrupt their current careers, or even uproot their families, to halt everything and go back to school. And yet they see the value of investing time and tuition in an advanced learning environment to sharpen their skills, deepen their connections, focus studies in a particular area, and elevate their thinking and problem-solving. These are among the MANY reasons candidates are turning to online MBA programs; for flexibility in learning - and in some cases - admissions requirements.

Do Online MBA Programs Require the GMAT?
If prepping for and taking the GMAT is just one more thing that is difficult to fit into your busy work life, then you might consider programs that accept either the GRE (maybe you’ve already taken it) or do not require ANY standardized admissions test.

In our Business School search tool, we identify 123 ONLINE b-schools that accept either the GMAT or GRE and 86 of these schools land on our Best Business School list! In other words, you don’t need to sacrifice quality to attend an online business school (and in some cases, you don’t need to take the GRE). In part due to the pandemic, many schools re-examined their testing requirements. Some waived testing requirements during covid; while a few schools, like George Washington University, are currently test-optional. Many others, like MIT Sloan, must approve a test waiver in advance.  Some online MBA programs are test-optional - so do your homework, and plan accordingly! 

If in doubt, or you plan to apply to multiple schools, the GMAT is a sure bet. If all of the schools on your target list also accept the GRE, then you have some decisions to make. To help you weigh the differences, read our article about GMAT vs GRE.

 
Featured University
Southern Illinois University Edwardsville
Southern Illinois University Edwardsville
At Southern Illinois University Edwardsville, our 100 percent online MBA programs are designed to engage students in top-quality learning experiences while preparing them for higher-level roles as business management professionals and leaders. These programs engage our students in a supportive, intellectually rich learning environment with the goal of helping them achieve their full professional potential. Choose from general MBA or high-demand specializations in Healthcare Administration, Management, Management Information Systems, Business Analytics, or Project Management.

School of Business Graduate Programs
Explore Our Campus Now
Online MBA Programs
Apply Now
 
Specialization in Business Education Online
Two Examples: Marketing & Healthcare

An Online MBA for (Digital) Marketing
What better way to “practice what you preach” than to pursue your MBA in digital marketing…online! In addition to embracing a digital format to enhance your understanding of how your target audience experiences media, ads, and communications online, you will benefit from the flexibility in your schedule that the online format affords. You can also apply what you are learning day-to-day in class to your work (check out our tips for maintaining a work-life balance if you continue to work part-time or full-time while pursuing your degree).

Marketing is one of the top ten specializations for business school students and is an in-demand specialization across a wide range of B2B and B2C companies in nearly every industry. Here are some Online MBA programs that offer specializations, or concentrations, in Marketing.

Online MBA - Specialized Masters, Marketing - 29 programs
Online MBA - Concentration in Marketing - 99 programs

What will a focus in marketing give you? A marketing focus builds your ability to create and manage marketing and advertising campaigns that are results-oriented, to sharpen communications skills, and ultimately, to make the adjustments to the campaigns and messaging that propel the organization forward. Much of this requires expertise in executing, managing, and tracking digital marketing campaigns, with constantly evolving social media a critical component of the online mix of messaging.

Online MBA for Healthcare
As our population lives longer, and researchers continue to find ways to cure and solve complex health issues, the healthcare industry is not going away anytime soon! It is the fastest-growing industry in the US, with 13% job growth expected through 2031; it also accounts for nearly 20% of US GDP. [Sources: BLS, Zippia.com] Choosing to focus your advanced degree in the healthcare industry affords excellent opportunities for job growth and advancement, and an MBA will give you the skills, and the edge, to seize those opportunities.

Discover Online MBA Programs in Healthcare

Healthcare Administration - 24 programs
Healthcare Policy and Regulation - 4 programs
MBA with a concentration in Healthcare - 78 programs

What skills can you gain by FOCUSING your MBA in healthcare management?
All the valuable topics covered by an MBA program - finance, operations, management - with the lens of healthcare-specific industry issues, can help you grow into leadership roles in healthcare management settings. Course topics might include Healthcare Policy, Healthcare Systems (public, private, global), Entrepreneurship (funding, research, etc), Leadership (ethics, strategy), and more. An MBA with a focus in healthcare will better equip you to develop the strategies, and ultimately, address the issues to provide the best patient care in the most efficient ways possible.

 
Featured University
Stevens Institute of Technology
The Stevens MBA
Advance your career and prepare for leadership roles where analytics expertise, emotional intelligence and an emphasis on technology create strategic advantage. Highly ranked for career placement and economic return, our online MBA program blends management education, specialized expertise, and two on-site immersions in NYC with industry leaders and business executives.

Prime NYC-area location brings networking and opportunities
Attend an online webinar or student experience panel
Explore MBA career paths 
Learn More
 
ALERT: The GMAT changed in 2023 - introducing GMAT™ FOCUS

   
The GMAT™ is shorter, more flexible, and more focused (i.e. less content to prep!). Starting February 1, 2024, the only version of the GMAT™ available will be the updated GMAT Focus Edition following the sunset of the previous GMAT™ Exam on January 31, 2024. GMAT™ Focus Edition testing appointments started on November 7, 2023. GMAT™ Exam testing appointments will be available through January 31, 2024. GMAC chose this date  to facilitate in-progress business school applications and to provide several options for candidates to meet current Round 1, 2 and 3 deadlines. Students can still take the GMAT™ Exam – at both test centers and online – through January 31, 2024

With the GMAT™ FOCUS, you will see the following key changes in the test:

Length & Content
•  One hour shorter! The test will contain three, 45-minute multiple-choice sections.
•  No essay section!
•  Reduced content, which translates to less content to prep. All content will be business-skill related.

Format & Flexibility
•  Self-select section order; You choose the order of the test sections. 
•  Question review & edit: bookmark and review questions, and change up to 3 answers per section.
•  Send to 5 schools AFTER you know your score (not before you know your score).

If you are preparing to take the GMAT™ or GRE, consider how these changes impact your test preparation plans.