Dear Club Officers and Coaches,

Huge thanks to all of you who submitted your registrations for the upcoming season by the earlybird deadline! We currently have a record high 106 teams registered and are still expecting a few more! 

At this point, we've reset NCVF accounts to "Active" and paid the NCVF registration fees for the vast majority of you. If your team is new to the NCVF and doesn't have a VBreg account, or is new to the ECVA, it might take a few more days. The NCVF Registrar needs to set up your accounts and/or link them to the ECVA, which takes a bit of time. It should all be taken care of by Monday.

If you're one of the 80+ teams whose VBreg accounts are active, remember to enter your rosters and keep them updated throughout the season. We ask that you do not make any roster changes fewer than 48 hours prior to each league event. Until that 48-hour window, you can add/delete/move players as needed.

As far as the schedule goes, our Divisional Directors are currently reviewing the hosting applications that were submitted. If you applied to host and your request was approved, you will be notified. We are posting the information on our league website as we confirm each event.  Our goal is to have all event dates and locations finalized by Jan. 1st.

Once the schedule is set, all you and your team needs to do is show up at your divisional events and play! Because we have so many teams, bids to qualify for our East Coast Championships will be at a premium. We're really looking forward to the intense competition! Please note that we're also exploring whether or not we can expand our league championships to include more teams. Our hope is to be able to invite the top 16 teams in Division I and top 16 teams in Division II. Currently, we are able to invite the top 12 in each division. The event is tentatively scheduled for 4/6 at a location TBD. Stay tuned for updates.

Two other important announcements:
Registration for Nationals opens on January 9th at 12:00 Noon! The tournament fills up extremely fast (like within 24 hours!), so if you want to participate, I strongly advise you to have everything you need to complete your registration ready by 1/9. Last year, we had several teams get waitlisted, sadly.
Remember to take advantage of our sponsorships with BSN, REN Athletics, All Volleyball, and Molten for great discounts available to you as a member of the ECVA! Now is the time to order items for the upcoming season!
If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to reach out.

Respectfully,
