
Stocks hit 2023 high!
‘Tis the season of giving, and last week, markets gave investors perhaps the best gift they could ask for: a new 2023 high for stocks. It may be no surprise that stock markets hit this milestone last week when you consider what’s been in the news:

The inflation rate eased to 3.1% in November. We can thank energy and shelter prices for the slowdown — shelter, in particular, recorded its 8th straight month of disinflation. Remember, disinflation is when prices grow at a slower pace.

The Federal Reserve also met for the last time in 2023. Fed Chair Jerome Powell held interest rates steady and even hinted at the possibility of 3 rate cuts in 2024.
A lot happened last week and throughout 2023. Let’s look back at the changes that shaped the past year, and any last-minute money decisions to consider before the year ends.

YEAR IN REVIEW
Taking stock of 2023

What’s gone well in 2023?

If we had to give stock markets a grade for 2023, it’d be an A+. Markets are now about 1.5% away from hitting a new all-time high. That’s a complete 180 from 2022, when stocks were mired in a bear market.

There’s been significant progress in the economy as it emerges from the high inflation that characterized 2022. The inflation rate is now below 4% for a sixth straight month, GDP is growing at a robust rate of 5.2%, and the job market continues to add jobs at a healthy clip.
What needs to happen in 2024?

Inflation is still a little bit higher than the Fed’s 2% target. Ideally, at this time next year, inflation will have inched even closer to this landmark, without having come at the cost of the economy or labor market.

INVEST IN YOURSELF
Quentin's end of year checklist
We’ve covered a variety of topics over the past year. Now it’s time to put that knowledge to work.

Here are some money moves to consider before the year ends:

Save in an Emergency Fund: Ideally, you should have between 3 to 6 months of expenses saved in an emergency fund. And with Acorns Emergency Fund, you can make this happen. Just pick your savings goal and Acorns will track your progress as you build towards your target.

Contribute to your retirement accounts: Consider investing in a traditional, Roth, or SEP IRA with Acorns Later. Not sure what the difference is? Don’t worry. We’ll recommend the plan that’s right for you based on your investor profile. And if you already have one, consider adding to your retirement account.

Set up a Recurring Investment: Nothing great was ever achieved without some consistency. By setting up a Recurring Investment, you can steadily chip away at your goals and make investing a consistent part of your budget.