Brought to you by the Office of Career Development & Professional Engagement

Fall 2023, Volume 8: December 12, 2023

Welcome to the last Business Careers newsletter for Fall 2023! Good luck with your exams and best wishes for a wonderful and rejuvenating holiday break!! 

This newsletter features information about tips for career-oriented things to do over the Winter Break as well as a heads up about events coming up in early 2024.

Looking for a place to study?



If you need a quiet place to study, you're welcome to reserve an interview room for up to four hours throughout final exams. You can reserve the space the same way you would schedule an appointment with a career advisor. Log in to TribeCareers.wm.edu, select Advising Appointment from the top right menu, click on "Request New Appointment," and filter "Advisor(s)" to "Interview Room." Rooms are available between 8 a.m. - 5:00 p.m., Monday-Friday.

WINTER BREAK TIPS



Winter Break is a great time to relax and catch up with family and friends after a busy semester! It can also be a good time to explore career options, build skills and prepare for an upcoming internship or job search. Here are suggestions for some ways to utilize your time away from classes:

Explore Career Options

Business Careers webpages: The Office of Career Development & Professional Engagement has five career community webpages based around similar career paths and industries. Check out the Business Careers webpage to explore options, identify your interests, and connect with resources.

Focus2: Do you know your Values, Interests, Personality, and Skills and how you want to use those in a career? If not, Focus2 is a great resource to use. To access Focus2, click here. (Note: you'll need to register using your W&M email address and the access code: onetribe.)

What Can I Do With This Major?:  Use "What Can I Do With The Major" to look up any major and see areas where people might work and the types of organizations that might employ people in those areas. Click here and scroll to the bottom of the page to access this valuable resource.
Build Skills Using an Online Resource

LinkedIn Learning: All W&M students have access to LinkedIn Learning, which can be found on SWEM's website through databases.
Gain skills through short term experiences: Check out short term projects at Forage, Parker Dewey, Open Avenues, and Prometheus.
Other platforms for online learning: Coursera, Udacity, and edX are all platforms that offer online learning and certifications. Each platform offers free courses but will charge if you want a certificate of completion. Duolingo is a website/free mobile app where you can learn 30+ languages in just a few minutes per day.
Prepare for an Internship or Job Search

Update your resume and LinkedIn profile: Add those experiences from this fall and Winter Break to your resume. Check out these tips for resumes and LinkedIn. 
Connect with W&M Alumni: Here are two great tools for finding alumni and connecting with them:
LinkedIn: LinkedIn is an excellent tool to build your network and create a digital presence. Develop a dynamic profile, connect with W&M alumni, and engage in conversation! Review our LinkedIn Video Clinics for creating an account and utilizing LinkedIn for tips on finding jobs & internships and networking with industry professionals.
W&M One Network: Unlock the power of your William & Mary community with One Network! Connect instantly with over 4,000 members of the W&M network across diverse industries, ready to guide you to success. Say goodbye to networking barriers – access exclusive outreach and inquiry templates, identify career connectors (mentors), and build your network hassle-free, without the expense of LinkedIn's InMail or the delays of connection requests. Your career journey just got a whole lot smoother! To create an account, visit W&M One Network and click the “Join Now” button. Registering for an account takes less than five minutes if you use the email address W&M typically uses to reach you. Browse the directory (linked in the left menu) and send a direct message to members of the One Network who are willing to help (select their profile and click “Message” or use the message icon in the top right corner of the page).
Meet with a Career Advisor: With the exception of the university's closure on Friday, December 22, 2023-Monday, January 1, 2024, the Office of Career Development & Professional Engagement will be open during the break. Book a virtual or in person appointment with us via TribeCareers.wm.edu (select Advising Appointment from the top right menu and click on "Request New Appointment" to see availability by advisor).
EVENTS: Spring 2024 Sneak Peak!

Save the date for these recruiting opportunities in January and February 2024! All updates regarding attending employers and locations will be listed in TribeCareers>Events>Career Fairs. 



Spring 2024 K-12 Education Recruitment Day 

Monday, January 22, 2024 | 10 a.m. - 12 p.m. (employer showcase); 1 - 4 p.m. (recruitment interviews) | School of Education

The K-12 Education Recruitment Day connects students with districts, schools, and organizations focusing on teaching and education positions. Recruiters typically screen candidates for a variety of positions, ranging from teaching to administration. This event allows school districts to have one-on-one conversations with students and degreed alumni who are seeking employment in a K-12 school setting. This event will consist of a fair in the morning followed by one-to-one conversations in the afternoon.

 

Spring 2024 Campus & Community Student Employment Fair

Thursday, January 25, 2024 | 9 -11 a.m. | Sadler Center

The Campus & Community Student Employment Fair is open to all students regardless of Federal Work-Study status. William & Mary departments and invited Williamsburg employers will be recruiting students for their open employment positions. 

 

Georgetown University's Government, Education, & NonProfit Career Fair 

Friday, February 9, 2024 | 10 a.m. - 3 p.m. | Virtual 

A consortium of schools (William & Mary, American University, Marxe School of Public and International Affairs - Baruch College, Brown University, Carnegie Mellon University's Heinz College, Duke University, Georgetown University, Harvard University's Harvard College, NYU, University of Virginia, University of Richmond, Swarthmore College, and Yale University) plans an annual career expo that is hosted through Georgetown University. This event is open to all undergraduate and graduate students interested in connecting with employers from a wide range of fields in the government, education, and non-profit sectors marketing their internships and full-time job opportunities.

 

Spring 2024 Career Diversity Symposium 

Thursday, February 15, 2024 | 5 - 7 p.m. | Alumni House

The Career Diversity Symposium is a W&M signature event that seeks to expand the understanding of both students’ and employers' views of diversity in the workplace. W&M believes that students/graduates who enter an inclusive and supportive workplace climate will thrive and better meet the needs of both the individual employers and the workforce. The Symposium format will have a formal program including both a student/employer panel and individual table discussion topics, followed by a networking session to further engage in discussion and introduce leadership programs, internships, and full-time opportunities to attendees. This event is open to all undergraduate and graduate students.

 

Spring 2024 Career & Internship Fair

Friday, February 16, 2023 | 12 - 4 p.m. | Sadler Center 

This fair provides an opportunity to explore careers, obtain employer information, and develop contacts to use in applying for full-time, internship, and summer positions. Employers attend career fairs to increase student awareness about their organization and the careers they offer, to identify potential candidates for future hiring needs, and to fill positions they currently have available.

Business internship box

Below are a few recently posted internship opportunities! For a full list, go to TribeCareers > Jobs > Search.

Wells Fargo - Corporate Risk Development Program
Morgan Stanley - First Year Enhancement Program - Click here to apply
Forest Foundation - NonProfit Summer Fellowship
Amazon - Business Unit Finance Summer Internship
Business FT Box

Below are a few recently posted full-time opportunities! For a full list, go to TribeCareers > Jobs > Search.

Apogem Capital - Analyst, Private Equity
Equitable Advisors - Finance Associate
Morgan Stanley - Operations Full Time Analyst Program
In addition, Enrich Scholars has the following opportunities posted at https://www.enrichscholars.com/apply-today/

Amica is looking to hire 2024 grads for full-time roles in the following fields: Finance, Organizational Leadership/Psychology, and anyone who's interested in exploring Insurance (open to all major/industry interests!)
H&R Block is hiring 2025 Grads for 2024 summer internship opportunities in the following fields: Marketing, Finance, and IT/Data Science! *Bonus!* This internship comes with paid housing.
Fidelity Investments is hiring 2025 Grads for 2024 summer internship opportunities for anyone who is interested in going into Financial Services!
