Hi ,



When we asked original members of Bouldering Blueprint how we could make the course better, they asked for two main things:

They would love to have an opportunity to get coached by me, like the volunteers we created the course with.
They would enjoy seeing more in-depth technique breakdowns across various boulder problems.
I loved those ideas, so I made them happen.


I created a special reopening bonus for all new members: The Online Bouldering Clinic.



If you join the course this week, you will have a chance to submit a video of yourself bouldering.


It doesn’t matter if you’re a beginner or an intermediate climber. 


And there are no “rules” around the boulder problems you can submit.


You could get my feedback on a tricky slab you can’t figure out, a roof climb that’s giving you a hard time, a coordination dyno that feels unnatural to you, or a Moonboard / Kilter Board problem you’d like to climb more efficiently.


You’ll be able to submit the video any time until January 10th, 2024. 


This will give you plenty of time to go through the full course, apply what you learned to your climbing, and then use this opportunity to further level up your climbing technique.


From the videos I receive, I’ll select a variety of bouldering problems with different styles and difficulties.


I’ll talk over the video recordings, pinpoint things that I notice, and give you suggestions on how to climb similar boulder problems better.


This way, you’ll be able to apply what you learn to similar boulder problems at your gym, and learn subtle tricks that make your climbing technique stronger.


While I won’t be able to comment on every video I receive, I’ll make sure that every Bouldering Blueprint member gets valuable insight out of the video.


And who knows… your video might just get chosen!


If you’d like to get access to the Online Bouldering Clinic and submit your video to me, make sure you join the course by Sunday, December 10th, 11:59pm US Eastern time.


I can’t wait to see you climb!


Magnus

