Hi friends! 

 

I hope everyone had a wonderful last week of classes! Now that we are officially in exam week, I wanted to quickly check in to share some helpful resources and my last updates of the semester! 

 

TutorZone

With exams underway, don’t forget that tutoring is available FREE to all W&M students. Visit www.wm.edu/tutors to sign up for course-specific tutoring or time management consultations at the TutorZone. 

 

TimelyCare

TimelyCare is a virtual mental health and well-being platform W&M partnered with to support students at NO COST. Students can schedule counseling sessions, access TalkNow, a 24/7 on demand access to a mental health professional to discuss any level of concern (in the US or abroad) or engage in health coaching services. To access this resource, go to timelycare.com/wm or download the TimelyCare app. Register with your W&M email address through a mobile app or your desktop and select from their menu the type of service you are interested in using.

 

Participate in Student Assembly’s Textbook Exchange! 

Donate your old textbooks and/or borrow a new one in our textbook exchange! Drop off any old book for another student to borrow and pick one up for yourself in the 24-hour study room in Swem. All the textbooks located on the back bookshelves were donated by students and are available to anyone who wants to borrow a book! 

 

Apply to be an OA! 

Fall 2024 Orientation Aide applications are live! This is your chance to be a leader, an educator and a friend all rolled into one neon shirt! Serving as an Orientation Aide gives you the chance to give back to your W&M community- whether your orientation experience was incredible and you want to pass that feeling along, or you felt orientation was less than stellar and you want to turn it around for the next new students. The orientation area directors want you to apply and bring your unique perspective to make this fall the best it can possibly be! Applications close on February 4, 2024. For more information about the application process and OA role, check out this link!

 

Staff Assembly Food Drive 

Don’t let your leftover food go to waste! From now until December 15th, Staff Assembly will be gathering donations for the Williamsburg House of Mercy with a goal of collecting 500 pounds of food. To find the donation box closest to you, check out this list of collection locations. 

 

Take care of yourselves & good luck with final exams! 

 

Best,

Sydney 

 

--

Sydney Thayer (she/her/hers)

Student Assembly President